all right here we go we got the GT model
five eight eight nine this is a
4-channel
a single blade fixed pitch this thing's
pretty cool comes with lipo charger
spare blades for the here rotor blades
kind of this little tool I think this is
something to undo the tail with I'm not
sure because of the transmitter this
transmitters kind of nice cut trim
adjustments in all different accesses a
little indicator tells you when you're
you know full power on the throttle or
not has a high and a low button high for
full battery low for I guess reduced
battery eight double-a batteries
quick review this thing it's fun to fly
if you wanted something and you got a
good price on it this would be a good
one to practice hovering in your garage
I've got to mention it comes with these
little foam spacers it kind of helps it
on the hard landings a little bit
softens a little bit yeah this is a fun
fly maybe indoor if you got a big open
area it's great if you're you know
practicing hovering at eye high this
might I'm not the best at flying some of
these and so this is if I can fly it I
mean I've spent a little time on a
simulator but then it's it's pretty good
it's not as scary as flying like a $700
helicopter that you could crash and feel
terrible if you had destroyed everything
the few few things about this the
battery when I first got it
this is the batter that came with it it
didn't it wasn't strong enough for this
thing to stay off the ground when I
first bought this the it it spun the
helicopter but it's just enough power
and then after five cycles of charging
it running the battery down this thing
started to get a lot stronger the
battery and now you know I get about a
four minute 10 second flight time out of
it and that's just hovering about three
feet off the ground so yeah I'm happy
with the flight time right around four
minutes as far as outdoor flying you get
more than about 3/4 mile an hour wind
and you might have some trouble it just
it I I've flown it
some video in a sec I'll show you this
thing in 3 or 4 mile an hour wind the
one thing that happens when I fly this
in the wind is I don't have you can see
this little piece here it's this little
swashplate disconnects and if you watch
the video the last 10 seconds of the
video I had I lost control of it because
of this came apart and i had to just
land this as quick as I could because I
couldn't fly it anymore
but you know it didn't crash I just
wasn't able to get to go forward or
backward or anything one other thing is
these tail blades break easy if you hit
the ground or hit hit like you back into
a building or something I don't know if
these hit anything they break I've gone
through two of them already and this
doesn't come with a spare tail blade so
if you do get this helicopter I'd
recommend getting a bunch of spares
overall I'd give this a thumbs up I
thought it was a lot of fun I might take
the blame myself is I'm flying this
thing in you know 35 35 degree weather
so this prop this plastic probably just
isn't designed to fly and cold maybe you
got to fly it in 70 degree weather then
you wouldn't have the problem but yeah
it's good little copter in a little bit
and I'll show you some video footage of
this thing flying and thanks
okay
I'm ready